From host sync docs with examples (#458)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: vcluster/_fragments/sync-from-host-configmap-example.mdx

import Highlight from "@site/src/components/Highlight/Highlight";

import Flow, { Step } from "@site/src/components/Flow";

> ## From host config map sync example

Reviewer: Nice, thanks for adding a walkthrough!

> This guide shows how to sync k8s config map from host and use it in your workload inside the virtual cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to sync Kubernetes ConfigMaps from host clusters and how you can use them in your workload running inside virtual clusters.
```

Should we name Kubernetes resources uniformly in camelCase? Did we define that somewhere? (cc @Piotr1215)? If so, might make sense to rename all occurrences of "config map" to "ConfigMap" here. If not, just ignore my comment regarding this 😉

Reviewer 3: @johannesfrey good call, we do have [guidelines](https://github.com/loft-sh/vcluster-docs/blob/aba0e93a803729fc32947088c21173a7f71a7554/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L51) as to how to capitalize Kubernetes objects. More details on [Kubernetes page](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#documentation-formatting-standards).

@hidalgopl can you adjust accordingly?

Author: adjusted :+1:

        command:
        - sleep
        - "inf"
        volumeMounts:
        - name: my-config
          mountPath: /tmp/
      volumes:
      - name: my-config
        configMap:
          name: config
    ```

    then, create it in the virtual cluster:

    ```bash title="Create pod"
    kubectl --context="${VCLUSTER_CTX}" create -f pod.yaml
    ```

  </Step>
  <Step>
    #### Verify that config is mounted

    <Highlight color="green">Virtual Cluster</Highlight> Wait for pod running

    ```bash title="Wait for pod running"
    kubectl --context="${VCLUSTER_CTX}" wait --for=condition=ready pod my-pod --namespace my-virtual-namespace --timeout=300s
    ```

    once it is running, you can check if your file is accessible in the container under `/tmp/config.json` path.

    ```bash title="Check mounted file"
    kubectl --context="${VCLUSTER_CTX}" exec -it --namespace my-virtual-namespace my-pod -- cat /tmp/config.json
    ```
    you should see environment successfully injected from the config map:

    ```json title="Config from ConfigMap"
    {
      "name": "my-config",
      "hosts": ["123.456.789", "987.654.321"]
    }

    ```

  </Step>

  <Step>
    #### Summary

>     From host config map syncing allow you to make specific config map(s) from host accessible in your vCluster. You can make them accessible in the different namespaces and/or with different names in the virtual cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    From host config map syncing allow you to make specific config map(s) from host clusters accessible inside your virtual clusters. You can make them accessible from different namespaces and/or with different names in the virtual cluster.
```

    They are always synced from host to the virtual, so it is also possible to sync one host config map to the multiple virtual ones.

>     They can be used as a volume or env source in your workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    They can also be used as a volume or env source in your workloads.
```
